---
title: 常用词汇
date: 2024-12-06 09:50:00 -0500
categories: [笔记]
tags: [其他]
pin: false
author: 01

toc: true
comments: true
typora-root-url: ../../Sterben-01.github.io
math: false
mermaid: true

---

- 夯实基础 lay a solid foundation
- 社群 community
- 复习 review
- 二义性 Ambiguity
- 讲师 lecturer
- 线程安全 thread safety
- 粒度 granularity
- 细粒度 fine-grained
- 粗粒度 coarse
- 表项 entry
- 负责 be responsible for
- 承担 take on
- 不现实 unrealistic
- 项目进度过半 project is halfway through. / Halfway through the project,
- 后续 follow-up
- 重构 refactor
- 只是时间早晚的问题。It's just a matter of time
- 提出 propose
- 超时 timeout
- 开销 overhead
- 负担 burden
- 主动的 initiatively
- 主办方 organizer
- 鼓舞 cheers me up
- 走弯路take a wrong path
- 扩容 scale-up
- 商品 product
- 16分之一的概率：one out of sixteen
- 几个人物名字：
  - Nicolai Josuttis
    - 书籍：c++ standard library， c++ template guide
    - universal initialize， initialization list
  - Jason Turner 
    - made a lot of c++ videos
    - optimize code such as based on locality principle
- c++ 难点
  - rvalue reference
  - template argument deduction
  - smart pointer 删除器 deleter
  - implicit type conversion
  - multi threading
- 书籍：
  - effective modern c++
  - c++ concurrency in action
  - the STL source code analyzation
  - effective STL
  - Inside The C++ Object Model
  - Game Programming Patterns







**# About this project**



I spend a lot of time on this project. I am a beginner at javascript, so I spend a lot of time trying to understand the project. But it was too hard for me, so I found some references on GitHub and used their principle to write some code.

**Some code I used from other github repo I already add comment in the code like `CITATION------`**

- Mainly, some code was reference from here: https://github.com/austinjhunt/petrinet-webgme-designstudio
- The framework was reference from here: https://github.com/kecso/StateMachineJoint
- The template file(plugin and visulizer) of this project was generate by use Webgme-CLI: https://github.com/webgme/webgme-cli
- About the seed, I draw it on the isis website then download and inport it to this project. 

**# Files**

My `SimulatorController.js` and `SimulatorPanel.js`  is under the `/src/visualizers`

I can't understand the logic for the `plugin`. So I didn't to that. My `MyNewPlugin.js` file is just default one which generated by cli tools.

For the  `SimulatorPanel.js`  .  I can understand the logic but I really don't know how to re-write it. So I use some code from github and I already cite it in the code as comment. 
